hey guys quick outfit of the day and yes
it's time I really do mean quick running
out to run errands of my moment sister
gonna do some shopping and lunch dinner
stuff like that earrings are from
forever 21 you guys have seen them
before and they're just a hammer dangly
earrings my bracelets are both from
forever 21 look at that I didn't and my
hands actually I tan him and then I wash
them right away so it came off spite of
bracelets over 21 and this top I'm
wearing is just off the shoulder top I
got it at forever 21 the top I just have
tucked in the front it's kind of a
hi-low goes longer the back shorter in
the front they a little bit of a
see-through I have a band down top on
underneath and then just some cut-offs
that I got at Saks Fifth Avenue well I
think I want to say their page denim
page premium denim and they just have
the little rolls on the bottom but yeah
so kind of tucked up in the front and
then longer on the back I've been
obsessed with the cut-off denim black
tights look with I've just been obsessed
on just Pinterest the whole thing I'm
loving it if you follow me on Pinterest
you'll see I have a folder literally
just for that so just these black tights
and I have them with these black biker
boots just some studs and yeah they're
just little black biker boots I got
these at Ross no joke I think for $13
they're kind of a faux suede
aviators I got that old Navy they're a
different pair so I think they still
sell them because I literally just got
that not too long ago